Tremendous effort. Thanks for sharing. Below is the summary of questions for instant reference
 1. Why do we need container orchestration.
	 1.1 What is container Runtime
	 1.2 What are different container orchestration tools (K8s, docker swarm)
 2. Why Kubernetes and not Docker swarm or something else (Details here 15 mins went here)
 3. Designing High Availability for Master nodes !
	 3.1 Quorum concept for leader selection
 4. What type of HA architecture havae you managed in terms of high availability or otherwise
 5. What is the Kubernetes Version you are running 
 6. How do you get configuration information for different clusters
 7. When you issue a kubectl command, what happens behind the scenes. Can you please run us through
 8. What are the different types of Objects in k8s. How to get the list of objects installed in the cluster
 9. Do we have some means of getting documentation of the resources in offline mode
10. Designing an application having two sets of services: Front end Service, Backend Service and DB Service. Share best practices and architecture	
11. Discuss aboout Stateful set and deployments in k8s
12. Share object used for scaling up the pods, say, in case of load increase
13. Discuss about Restart Policies as part of yaml files
14. Discuss different status of Pods. Like Pending status
15. How to resolve specific issues related to Pod status like OOM. Debugging approach based on the pod status
16. What is the concept of Image pullback / something similar
17. Can a Pod have multiple containers
18. Scenario: Very huge file, present in s3. User wish to download the file. Application Image can not handle it directly. It has to be downloaded and made available to the Pod. ....Concept of Init containers here 
19. Scenario: Central logging system. Want to use that system. Discuss the pattern used. .....Concept of sidecar Pattern
20. Discussion on best practice of having smallest possible Image size...
	20.1. Discussion on Ephemeral containes. Concept here
21. Scenario: Your application need to talk to some legacy application. Need to reduce the Image size.. Pattern to be used here to be discussed such as Ambassador pattern
22. Scenario: App B to communicate with App A using some endppoint. API A would give Json output, App B needs xml format. How to resolve this stalemate. Concept of Adapter / exporters container discussed !
23. What is the use of Replicaset / deployment
24. How to rollback to previous versions
25. Different deployment strategies in k8s. Pros and Cons for each of them